Hi guys, in this tutorial I'm going to
create a nice spline but using PCG.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, create new
project. Rename the project spline path
PCG. After that, let's go right here in
this interface. We have to go here to
the file, select new level, go to basic
level, hit create. After creating this
level
when you delete the ground and create
new landscape
right here. After that hit create.
Now
let's save our current level.
Let's go here now to plug in search PCG.
Select proic content generation
framework PCG. Hit restart the answer.
After restarting the engine, we have to
close this window and return to our PCG
level.
Now, let's go right here and create new
actor blend by going to blue class.
Select actor
spline
BP.
Now go here
to add
and search for PL.
Okay. Fine. And now
hit compile seal and close this
blueprint. After that we have to go here
go to PCG graph create empty graph
PC
to open it.
Uh, now let's go back
and let's search for
some grass.
Okay, I want to use this one for this
tutorial.
Okay, use this white grass. Can search
from here and add it to my project.
I already have in my uh library.
Okay, close this. Let's return right
here.
Search another.
Okay, I think it's uh this one for this
story is good.
Okay. See all
other right here
and add our PG SP.
Now let's go ahead here and add my path.
Return
the CLC data.
You have to get this area inside the
PCA.
After that, search for surface simple
by smart fryer
and transform points.
I static me.
Okay, in this mesh owner we add our
material that I download queries from
the mega scans right here.
Select white grass here and
you can enable static
disable and enable it. After enabling
this static mess, we want to use five
types of grass. Select this one.
Go right here. Next entry
to five lengths.
Okay. For the weight this way. So change
what? As you want. One, two, three,
five. As you want. Okay. After changing
this, you have to go view search for
starting.
Want to add our five entries right here.
First one
before that we have to press shift and
select all
and enable nite
warp nose miss
per headers take some time okay
let's add the first one I hit bracket
second One.
Third one.
Both and face
one.
And the final one. And let's see the
result right here.
Okay,
now
let's return here to surface center.
Go to setting up here
strength set to for all the axis
for this one set one per square meters.
K1
and substitute.
Let's see the result.
Okay, then is uh good.
It's have let's set to play and let's
see the result.
Okay, after that
drag this one right here, our spline
path.
Now let's begin our work with creating
the spline path.
Okay, this trace our spline path. Okay,
first things first, we have this kind
landscape data. We have
get bind the
response.
Okay,
let's select this node first one. Let's
begin step by step. Go here to actor
filter and set this one all actors
actor selection. This one we have to
change it by glass. Where is our glass?
And let's disable this note. Return here
to the content. This one sp
okay source with SP
underscore path ve.
Okay. This first
after this step we have to search for
not server simple spline simple.
Okay in this plan we have a work to do.
Select this node dimensional spline mode
not sub
distance
it set by default
this distance ag increment 100 want to
change later this
let's go here search about this modifier
after bound modifier transform points
Okay. Now,
how to make difference between this and
this.
Okay. Before you do that, we have to
unplug this one.
Sorry for def.
Select this.
The output for sat mesh like that.
And this we have to show projection
projection note
for the projection target get landscape
data.
Why I use that?
Because display by default when add is
not in the ground is up the ground. We
have to project this plane to the
ground. That's why I use this get
landscape.
After that make a difference.
Okay. Think R is good. Okay. And this
difference not we have to go here to
density function change it to binary
and it's not enabled by default because
we have to disable it and enable it
another one binary. Okay
fine. Now let's add our spline.
Okay, before we add, we have to go here,
press the spline D,
disable this node and we have to enable
it later.
Go to this point
and drag it right here
in the PCG uh graph. Okay, there is
nothing happening here.
uh to see this PL path. It not see it
correctly right there. And now we have
to go here to bound this modifier and
change the scaling to 100 for those axis
and this one for three 30 for the Z
axis.
Okay, let's uh see
enable this.
Okay, it's workers honey. No.
What's going to do?
We have to rotate this point.
Press W and press Alt. Create another
point from here. Okay. Alt create
another point from here.
This
makes PL path. Okay.
Alt and press this one to create another
point.
Okay, I'll ret and alt right here.
Alt this nice line path
and finally.
Okay, this is over for this tutorial.
Okay, final thing I want to do is to go
here my with my third person character
and let's see this
path. It's
works correct. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial.
subscriber for the